>> Brian Holt: We're gonna go to app.js.
Right now, we're relying on
this imported from our CDN,
so we're loading the other script tags.
What would be better,
if we could just bundle that all up,
cuz what happens if unpackage goes down.
Right, unpackage in reality is not
meant to serve production traffic,
it's meant for experiments.
Right, so we don't wanna actually
depend on them being available,
we wanna basically be
reliant on ourselves.
So what we're gonna do is, we're gonna
come over here and we're gonna say npm.
Actually, I'm gonna show you
something that's even, in my opinion,
a little bit cooler that Parcel does
that I found out the other day.
So it's just running, right,
I have not mpm installed React yet.
What I'm gonna say up here is say,
>> Brian Holt: import React
from "react".
>> Brian Holt: I'm
gonna save it.
>> Brian Holt: And
if you come back over here,
it's gonna say installing react,
so it actually goes out and
gets React for you.
So you don't even have to do
those npm installs yourself,
I thought that was pretty cool.
Does it go in my package.json, man,
it does that, how cool is that?
I don't know, I just noticed that
yesterday, I was like, wait,
where are all these packages coming from?
>> Speaker 2: That's
cool.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So I actually come back to
index.html and
delete these two unpackage things.
>> Brian Holt: Come back to app.js and
also do import.
>> Brian Holt: What I'm
gonna do is just to show you how to do it,
say [ render ], like this,
from "react-dom".
So what I'm telling it here is,
just pull in the render function,
I don't need all of react-dom
at this moment in time.
And then you can delete this down here,
so then it's just render,
like that.
>> Brian Holt: And
again, it'll go out and grab react-dom for
me, I don't have to go get it.
>> Brian Holt: So now it's been built, so
we can come back over here and
refresh, and everything still works.
Just to prove to you that it's not,
I'm not doing anything fishy here.
>> Brian Holt: Notice I'm not grabbing
anything from unpackage anymore,
everything's coming in via app.
Now notice it's quite large, it's now
759 kilobytes, it's a lot of code,
right, especially for
such a short program.
But that's because we're not
gzipping anything, right, and
we're getting the development
builds of react.
We're getting the development builds of
react-dom, and nothing's being minified.
That's fine for development, right,
but when we go out to production,
we'll make sure everything's small and
tiny and packaged up.
We will talk about that tomorrow,
probably.
>> Speaker 3: The chat room is going
pretty crazy.
>> Brian Holt: About that installing
by itself?
>> Speaker 3: Parcel is legit awesome,
that's pretty awesome, I don't know,
lots of people freaking out.
>> Brian Holt: Shout-out to Devon,
the guy that,
you should definitely go tweet to Devon,
I can't remember what his last
name is at the moment right now.
But I'm sure if you search for
Parcel Devon, he'll come up.
Built a really, really cool piece
of technology, it's really,
really focused on giving you
a great developer experience, and
I'm just a huge fan.
>> Brian Holt: Really pushing,
I love tools that focus on
developer experience, and
that is definitely one
guy that cares about it.
And now Jamie, Kyle, and
a bunch of other like really cool and
important people are working
on it as well, so good stuff.
So now we have all that stuff
coming in from react and react-dom.
The other thing, there used to be a big
part of this course about how to set up
hot module reload or,
I can never remember what HMR stands for.
I always say hot module reload,
and that's not correct.
Anyway, HMR, that's already
built-in by default to Parcel,
it does code splitting automatically.
It does minification when you do build,
it does gzip,
it does everything that you need it
to do just kind of out of the box.
It makes it really,
really easy to follow best practices.
So I'm a huge fan,
I think they did an amazing job.